all right I'm pad you guys already know
that for those of you who have seen my
last 25 min toc video I took it a little
bit short because they can't run over 10
minutes this is a new Barack if you
haven't seen my last video please go
watch it before you watch this the way
this fight works is you need two to
three tanks okay throughout the fight
he's going to be spawning ads he's got
three phases phase one is his ground
phase phase two is this tunnel face I'll
get into phase 3 in depth a little bit
later during phase one he's going to be
spawning four sets of ads sorry two sets
of ads for ads total he's going to spawn
to dirt towards the beginning of his
ground faith and then two towards the
middle the way we do it is we DPS the
first two and then leave the the last
two up for when he tunnels when he
tunnels this is the reason for the
permafrost he's going to target somebody
and basically put a hunter's mark over
their head that shows who he's targeting
he's going to start moving under the
ground and put up these spikes
everywhere he goes in order to basically
stop the spikes you need to run into
permafrost and he'll spike under the
permafrost not hurting anybody but that
permafrost is going to shatter so you
want to have a range dps always dropping
permafrost in the ground the other thing
is to the ads that he spawns do also
tunnel when they tunnel they regen a lot
of health basically they come back up to
full if you take them on permafrost they
can't tunnel that's phase one and Phase
two the other thing to tank and phase
one is make sure you tank him away from
the raid with no one standing in front
of you he does a frontal cleave that
freezes everybody in front of him as you
can see now phase three is a lot
different from phase 1 and 2 the wave
phase 3 works is he puts out an AoE
locust swarm as usual now it takes off a
percent of everybody's effective health
so instead of trying to keep everybody
at full you want to keep everybody at
fifty to sixty percent but over heal the
crap out of your main tank is he's going
to start hitting a lot harder the reason
for this is if you try to keep everybody
up at one hundred percent every time you
over he'll he gains health back so over
healing 25 people you're never going to
but you want to keep your main tank up
the reason for keeping them at fifty
sixty percent also is because since it's
a percent of their effective health if
they're at fifty to sixty percent health
they'll end up taking less damage from
the locusts woman if they were a hundred
percent so once you hit thirty-five
percent you basically wanted to save
hero for this and you want to burn him
he's going to drop ridiculously fast and
comparing him to all the other bosses
until you see he's easy we one shot in
him we one shot in twins really the only
boss be in trouble on was faction champs
which was a pain in my ass you guys know
the drill comment it rate it and add it
to your favorites if you liked it if you
have any questions please feel free to
contact me if you haven't subscribed
please click the big yellow button and
if you have not watched my other 25 min
to you see video it is up in the
description or in the more videos from
this user and it's the next time guys
I'm pad wani I'm out